“What was the most challenging part of adding combat and health?
How is a top-down game different from the platformer we built in Module 13?”
The most challenging part of adding combat and health for me was figuring out how to make a damage trigger for my player so that he only dealt damage while playing his attack animation. How I did this was by in the attack animation I added a function which set his damage trigger game object to true, and that was the trigger box collider that the enemy checked for to receive any damage. The enemy dealing damage to the player was fairly simple. It involved checking if it was inside of the box collider that i named the player hurtbox, and then the UI script and player health script took it from there. What gave me the most trouble was figuring out the knockback for both the player and the enemy, and adding a coroutine to flash the player and enemy red when they are hit. The enemy was easier than the player to knock back, as all I had to do was set his direction to the negative of the direction he had already calculated to know if he should start chasing the player. The enemy immediately then would start running towards the player because the player was still within the enemy's attack zone. For the player however, since he will stop moving unless the arrow or WASD is being pressed, I had to do an interesting method of first in the enemy script calculating the direction that the player is from the enemy and then setting a boolean variable startPlayerKnockBackCoroutine to true. Then the player script would check if the boolean was true and start the coroutine. In this way, the player didn't keep flying through the scene even after the enemy was dead, and the player was able to move again once the knockback was finished even though the enemy was deactivated after being killed.

